[Music]
the woman comes to the atm
she kicks it then picks up the money
from the atm and puts it in her backpack
on the way back home she meets some
bastard they try to take liberties with
her
wendy sneers at them don't be a slick
talker come to me if you dare
one of the bald heads feels unhappy he
comes and drags wendy on the ground
but he's immediately suppressed by wendy
the guy who comes up to help the bald
head is given a slap which makes him
flies 20 meters away
then she hurls another guy into the air
for 30 meters that scene terribly
frightened the remaining guy
a few days ago wendy is still a
restaurant's waiter every day she has to
work very hard and it lasts for five
years
her boss is tart and mean she has been
reluctant to promote wendy
wendy's boss always asks her to work
overtime and clean up before leaving
when she goes out to throw the garbage
away she sees someone parked the car in
handicapped parking space
wendy comes over and reminds them of
that but the people in the car are very
arrogant
they don't want to talk to her at all
when she's throwing the garbage there's
a homeless who begs for food
wendy says maybe there's something to
eat let me find it for you at this time
her boss rushes out and shouts abuse
then she tells the homeless to get out
of here but wendy is a kind-hearted
woman she doesn't drive the homeless
away because of her boss
instead she takes out some food and
gives it to the homeless
but at this time the homeless just says
something inexplicable you're one of us
she feels confused and doesn't know what
the homeless is talking about
i just give you something to eat you
don't have to praise me like that
on the way back home wendy feels like
there's someone who follows her
she hits the stalker it turned out to be
the homeless he asks wendy how long have
you been taking those blue medicines
wendy thinks that this person is crazy
for sure she turns around and wants to
go
but the homeless doesn't let her off he
says that wendy's superpower is
suppressed by those medicines
as long as you stop taking medicines
your superpower will be restored
immediately
the homeless wants to show wendy his
superpower he climbs over the railing
stretches his both arms and jumps down
she quickly comes up and looks over
unexpectedly a passing truck runs into
him he's done for sure she quickly calls
the police and left here
totally unexpected the next day the
homeless who suffered no loss come to
meet wendy again
that totally scares wendy it seems that
what the homeless said is the truth
he asks wendy do you want to know what
your superpower is
let's stop taking the medicines in this
way she stops taking the medicines
just a few hours later her heart speeds
up and the whole body is hot
it feels like there's a burst of energy
which can be set out at any time
the next day wendy works absent-mindedly
she accidentally drops the food on the
ground
angry wendy directly bends the plate she
wants to fix it after a while she
completely bends the plate
unexpectedly this incident is discovered
by her boss she heavily scolds wendy and
wants to deduct her salary
wendy lifts her boss up what do you want
do you believe that i will kill you
right away
this kid is being teased by other kids
the long hair boy comes over and
pretends to kicks the ball
that little boy is terribly frightened
at this time wendy who is the little
boy's mother comes over and scolds the
children
the long-haired boy talks to wendy what
can you do to us
wendy looks at some bikes nearby facing
the shocked eyes of several children
she destroys the bikes the boy says that
he will go home and tell his father
when he talks to him if your father
comes here he will have the same end
with you
she goes home and plays football with
her son because the strength is not well
controlled she kicks the ball into the
air for several kilometres
on the way to the restaurant wendy sees
someone parked the car in handicapped
parking space again she immediately
pushes the car aside
that makes the car's owner stunned wendy
only uses one hand to work
because of the previous suppressing by
force her boss now is so well behaved
she directly gives wendy a promotion and
a pay rise after gets off work
she finds the homeless and wants to know
more it turns out that there are many
people who have superpowers like them
the vast majority are taken away and
they have to take medicines every day
they are locked up in a psychiatric
hospital wendy is curious to come to the
psychiatric hospital to find out more
information
the first time she was blocked by the
glass door but the second time she
successfully entered
she finds out information of everyone
who has the superpower she finds out
that her colleague elmer also has powers
that makes wendy shocked she comes and
meets elmer in the middle of the night
she reminds him not to take medicines
anymore in fact we're all the freaks
elmer is so obedient he immediately
stops taking medicines
elmer is also a luckless person his
mother died early his father relies on
being rich he married a beautiful black
woman
his stepmother's always unpleasant with
him she even often speaks ill of him in
front of his father
after stop taking medicine elmer awakens
his lightning power
he shows off his power to her because of
shortage of money she takes elmer to in
front of the atm
she kicks it then picks up the money
from the atm and puts it in her backpack
after finishing they don't go home but
go to the bar
at this time a fierce conflict erupted
between them and the hooligan
wendy led him to the toilet and beat
them there after coming back home she
lies her husband she says she makes a
lot of money by working overtime then
gives the money to her husband
wendy quickly takes elma to find the
homeless they all have a common goal
just go to the hospital to rescue the
people who also have powers like them
because the homeless was locked in the
hospital before he knows everything
inside
they are found by the security as soon
as they enter wendy pushes the cart
towards the security
the bullet accidentally hit the homeless
but he's unharmed
finally they are surrounded by the
security at this time elmer exerts his
power and beats all of the security
although he saved some people wendy and
the homeless think that elmo is too
cruel
there's no need to kill them all this
isn't what we want to do the homeless
offers to withdraw from the alliance
wendy also wants to withdraw when she
comes back home her husband interrogates
her
what did you do what did you do your
colleague said that you didn't work
overtime
how did you heal the world wendy doesn't
want to explain
they've had a quarrel in order to make
an apology wendy's husband organizes a
family gathering it's a pity that elmo
is a scheming person
he reveals the location of the homeless
after that the homeless is arrested
after that he comes to wendy's house he
says that he wants to be together with
her
because it's what comics draw wendy
refuses him and tells him to go
unexpectedly wendy's husband sees
everything he angrily interrogates his
wife
she confesses everything but it doesn't
work no one believes it
do you think i'm stupid then wendy's
husband is hurled for five meters
wendy decides to find elmer let him help
her to explain
all she saw was that elmer completely
killed her father
wendy quickly comes over and examines he
thinks that wendy figured it out but
unfortunately not
it looks like we have to do it the hard
way he directly electrocutes wendy
when she wakes up she's already in the
hospital the doctor has been waiting for
a long time
she resolutely wants to control wendy's
power because when she was young the
principal criticizes her she killed the
school principal
so wendy starts taking medicines that
makes her power gradually disappeared
at this time elmer also comes to meet
her hope she will change her mind
but she still turns him down he angrily
cut off the power supplies
he kidnapped wendy's husband and son at
this time all the doors of the hospital
opened automatically
wendy quickie goes back but she is
stopped by the doctor
she fires a few shots at the homeless
the homeless who doesn't have power dies
instantly
now he threatens wendy with her son if
you're not together with me
the consequences will be very serious
her son's life is not joking mata
wendy decides to fight him desperately
it's a pity that wendy lost her power
and couldn't beat him
but wendy who was hit by the electric
current restored her power
she puts on rubber gloves she punches
elmer into the pool
he is electrocuted by his own electric
current after her husband is safe
he thoroughly understands his wife's
difficulties let her escape quickly
she looks at her family then disappears
into the night at this time the doctor
shows up with the special forces and
takes away elma's body
three months later wendy shows up again
this time she's not alone
there's no villain in the movie even the
female doctor who forces others to take
medicines isn't a villain
she just helps others to suppress their
power she will not control those people
if they don't do bad things
on the contrary the greater the power of
freaks is the greater wild ambition is
if the weak have superpower they will be
insane to avenge
superpower turns a harmless person into
want and slaughter turn the oppressed
into the oppressor
this great transformation makes people
thought provoking follow me if you like
it
thank you